

Main Requirements
7.2. Review section:- there will be a review section where a user can see others' reviews of that service. A review should contain a text, name, and image of the reviewer, rating(optional). The user can also add his/her own review for that service. But he needs to log in first. If the user is not logged in(use conditional rendering), show a text like: Please login to add a review. After clicking the login button/link, take him to the login page. Otherwise, show a form with a text area and a button to add his review(rating is optional). Please store the user info (email, etc.) and service info (service id, etc.) with each review to display the reviews correctly with the relevant service.


10=>The "My reviews" page will be a private route and show only the reviews that the current user added either in a table or in cards with relevant information like - service name, review etc. There will be two buttons/icons - edit review(details in the bonus part) and delete review with each review. On clicking the delete button/icon, you have to delete the review, and it won't show up on that service page anymore. When the delete is successful, a toast/modal with a message will pop up to inform the user. If the user doesn't add any review, the page will show 'No reviews were added' at the middle of the page

11=>On the "Add service" page(also a private route), you can add a service and that service will be shown on the home page. When the service is added successfully, a toast/modal with a message will pop up to inform the user.


13=>Add one more public route: Blogs. You will have to answer the following questions on the Blog page

1.Difference between SQL and NoSQL
2.What is JWT, and how does it work?
3.What is the difference between javascript and NodeJS?
4.How does NodeJS handle multiple requests at the same time?


Bonus Requirements
Your Readme file for the client-side repo should have details about your project's features and functionalities in bullet points(at least five bullet points) and your live link. Adding a meaningful readme file for the server-side repo is optional.

At least 15 meaningful GitHub commits for the client-side and 8 meaningful commits for the server-side repository.

Your code should be clean and organized. Comments should be added where necessary

The title of the page will change with the page you visit. It should not be the same for every route

Add a meaningful favicon

Add a spinner on the services page, and the login and register page. If data is loading, a spinner will be displayed.

use the Environment Environment variable on both the client (firebase config) and server-side (mongodb credentials, Access token secret). Use .gitignore file on the server side.

Implement the basic version of the JWT token for email/password-based authentication. Upon login, you will create a jwt token and store it on the client side, and for the "My reviews" page, you will send the token and verify the user. Implementing 401 and 403 is optional.

In the "My reviews" page, clicking the edit review button/icon shows that review in a modal/in a new route and lets the user update it.

Simple challenge In the service details page, sort the reviews in a descending order by inserting time(you have to keep the inserting time when you add a review, you can do it with the Date object, or you can explore MongoDB documentation). You will have to implement this code on the server side.

Optional
Use pagination on the services page.
Show the rating with star icons in a user review
Try to use a better-looking confirmation dialogue other than the browser's default confirm.
On the add a service page, try to implement direct image upload from your computer. This image can be hosted on a third party image hosting like imgbb or directly to mongodb
Add some animation while applicable.
Please Use icons whenever applicable and use fonts (google fonts)
Make the footer a little more realistic with the copyright symbol and year.
Optimize your images
Add something extra of your own. This will help you in the future.
Additional information:
You can use vanilla CSS, any CSS library, framework, or component library you want.
If possible, try another component library other than daisyUI
If needed, you can mix a CSS framework with a component library
You may use react hook form, basic html form or any library for authentication
Store JWT token in http only cookie (alternatively, feel free to store it in the Local storage for this assignment)
Try to host your site on Firebase (Netlify host will need extra configuration)
Try to host the server on Vercel
What to submit
Your client-side code GitHub repository
Your server-side code GitHub repository
Your live website link